Updated the tag values v2 docs (#2787)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/api_docs/_index.md

}
```

#### Filtered tag values

> If you set Tempo's `autocomplete_filtering_enabled` configuration parameter to `true` (default value is `false`), you can provide an optional URL query parameter, `q` to your request. `q` is a Url encoded [TraceQL query]({{< relref "../traceql" >}}. If provided, the tag values returned by the API are filtered to only return values seen on spans matching your filter parameters. 

Reviewer: Having a lowercase q start a sentence looks weird, so I've added "The parameter". I've made each sentence it's own line for ease of updates.
```suggestion
If you set Tempo's `autocomplete_filtering_enabled` configuration parameter to `true` (default value is `false`), you can provide an optional URL query parameter, `q` to your request.
The `q` parameter is a Url encoded [TraceQL query]({{< relref "../traceql" >}}.
If provided, the tag values returned by the API are filtered to only return values seen on spans matching your filter parameters. 
```

> Queries can be incomplete (eg. `{ .cluster = }`). Tempo will extract only the valid matchers and build a valid query. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Queries can be incomplete: for example, `{ .cluster = }`. Tempo extracts only the valid matchers and build a valid query. 
```

Only queries with a single selector `{}` and AND `&&` operators are supported.
  - Example supported: `{ .cluster = "us-east-1" && .service = "frontend" }`
  - Example unsupported: `{ .cluster = "us-east-1" || .service = "frontend" } && { .cluster = "us-east-2" }`

> The following request returns all discovered service names on spans with `span.http.method=GET`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following request returns all discovered service names on spans with `span.http.method=GET`:
```

```
GET /api/v2/search/tag/.service.name/values?q="{span.http.method='GET'}"
```

> If a particular service name (e.g., `shopping-cart`) is only present on spans with `span.http.method=POST`, it would not be included in the list of values returned. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a particular service name (for example, `shopping-cart`) is only present on spans with `span.http.method=POST`, it would not be included in the list of values returned. 
```

}
```

#### Filtered tag values
If you set Tempo's `autocomplete_filtering_enabled` configuration parameter to `true` (default value is `false`), you can provide an optional URL query parameter, `q` to your request.

> The `q` parameter is a Url encoded [TraceQL query]({{< relref "../traceql" >}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `q` parameter is a URL-encoded [TraceQL query]({{< relref "../traceql" >}}.
```
